hey everyone Merry Christmas I'm filming
this on Christmas morning right after
Romeo just finished joking at all his
presence so I just decided I would show
you guys everything that he got so let's
get started so this one he opened on
Christmas Eve is just this red tennis
ball from Petsmart by the way all of his
gifts are for Petsmart and he loves this
one so much like he was chasing us
around for like two hours last night me
and my sister were just throwing it
around and he was chasing it he got so
tired he slept so well last night so I
really like this and so does he and I'm
pretty sure this is his new favorite toy
he got another toy which is this puppy
Kong this is actually for my sister she
got this for him
I'm pretty sure he's gonna like this I
wanted to get him one since I first got
him and I have so many different recipes
I want to try out with this so if you
want me to make a recipe video I will be
glad to
so this is just a little puppy
conference along with you sleeping in my
lap right now I think she's really gonna
like this I was actually trying to find
a blue one with white squirrels but they
didn't have it at the time but I'm
pretty sure this one will be fun
okay it is 90 percent fat free and it's
the name is Robi do you then I wanted to
get Jesus because I was watching this
video of this dog trainer and she said
she's never met a dog who doesn't like
these treats so they had to sail off
that's where I decided to get this bag
which is 10 ounces it's pretty big
probably five dollars so this is the
last Romeo a long time since you
so I figured why not okay this is his
all-time favorite treats in the world
beggin strips if you haven't tried these
already you really should because don't
even though I only gave him one so far
he literally started crying whenever
he's innocent if I didn't go anymore and
I'm I got him a small bag because I
wasn't sure if he was going to like it
but it turns out that you can't stand
finishing one so and there's a lot in
here actually I was surprised at how
much is that they really look like bacon
because they're made with real bacon so
yeah if you haven't tried these out you
really should
okay this will last by the treats and in
adjust the real jack breakfast jack with
egg and cheese and I really thought this
acute because I never really seen a dog
breakfast trees before and I really like
egg and cheese so if he likes these will
be
this last thing is not something you
will enjoy but it's something that you
need and it is just a puppy no flipper
small breeding type
to it and I think these look a little
bit safer for him than the other types
of dog nail clippers and in the back of
his hand instructions on how to use it
about the so that is it for this video I
hope you liked it and I like to thank
you guys so much for other support that
you given me on my first couple of
videos and Romeo would like to thank you
too and I hope you and your pet have a
very Merry Christmas see you next time